Doc/update cli help msg (#1052)
morganstanley/testplan: doc/en/introduction.rst

                                ......
                            }
      --skip-remaining {cases-on-failed,cases-on-error,suites-on-failed,suites-on-error,tests-on-failed,tests-on-error}

>                             Make Testplan skip certain testcases from execution upon exception ("error") or assertion failed ("failed"). Here "failed" includes "error" situation.

Reviewer: This option makes testplan to break from the current execution flow on error/failed and skip remaining iterations at certain level.

When on-error is specified, skip-remaining is triggered when exception("error") happens during testing. When on-failed is specified, skip-remaining is triggered upon both exception("error") and test failure("failed").

To --skip-remaining cases, means skip remaining testcases in the same testsuite, and resume with next testsuite.

Reviewer: To --skip-remaining suites, means skip remaining testcases in the current testsuite, and remaining testsuites in the current Multitest, and resume with next Multitest.

To --skip-remaining tests, means stop everything - remaining testcases/testsuites in all the Multitests that are currently executing, and remaining tests that has not yet start executing.

>                             Use "cases-on-failed"/"cases-on-error" to skip remaining testcases in the same testsuite when condition meets.

Reviewer: and resume with the next testsuite.

>                             Use "cases-on-failed"/"cases-on-error" to skip remaining testcases in the same testsuite when condition meets, execution will resume from next from next testsuite.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
                            Use "cases-on-failed"/"cases-on-error" to skip remaining testcases in the same testsuite when condition is met, the execution will resume from the next testsuite.
```

>                             Use "suites-on-failed"/"suites-on-error" to skip remaining testsuites as well in the same Multitest when condition meets.

Reviewer: but resume with other tests (GTest, Multitest).

>                             Use "suites-on-failed"/"suites-on-error" to skip remaining testsuites as well in the same Multitest when condition meets, execution will resume from next Multitest/GTest etc.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
                            Use "suites-on-failed"/"suites-on-error" to skip remaining testsuites as well in the same Multitest when condition is met, execution will resume from the next Multitest/GTest etc.
```

>                             Use "tests-on-failed"/"tests-on-error" to skip remaining Multitests/GTests etc. as well (i.e. everything remaining) in the current Testplan when condition meets.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
                            Use "tests-on-failed"/"tests-on-error" to skip remaining Multitests/GTests etc. as well (i.e. everything remaining) in the current Testplan when condition is met.
```
